Hi. I am the Adobe Customer Care Virtual Assistant. Tell me what you need help with. I'll do my best to understand and find the right person to assist you.
Hello, I deactivated my PayPal plan and I'm trying to reactivate it or even add payment method but I don't have a Manage plan option
Adobe Customer Care Virtual Assistant
I want to make sure I understand clearly. Which of these categories best describes your issue?
Solve a billing or payment issue
Switch to a different plan
Help buying a product or plan
Something else
Solve a billing or payment issue
Adobe Customer Care Virtual Assistant
Ok. Connecting you to an agent who can help.
7:00 PM
Connecting you with a specialist as soon as possible.
You are now connected to Shreya, who is reviewing your account. If you need to share sensitive information, such as credit card number, please wait for your agent to give you steps to share it securely.
Hello, I deactivated my PayPal plan and I'm trying to reactivate it or even add payment method but I don't have a Manage plan option
Also just to add today I cancelled my adobe plan for many reasons
7:02 PM
Shreya
Hello musaa, I'll be happy to assist you with the payments, as I can see your subscription of "Photography plan (20GB)" is in cancelling stage, are you referring to this one?
yes
Shreya
This cannot be restarted, we will help you purchase a new one.
but there is no payment option
no i cancelled my paypal the other day
and I stopped my adobe plan today
but in order to pay you off to so i can leave i need to add a credit card or something
i can't see a pay option
Musaa Muhsen, there’s a billing issue on your account.	 

 	We discovered a billing issue on 03.05.2020. Please review and update your payment details in Adobe Account Management:
Shreya
That is correct, as this is now in cancelling stage, you will have to buy a new one you cannot update payment in to this one.
I need to add my bank details to pay this
but i can't
I don't use this service Im not getting trapped into paying more
when i press update your payment
it wont let me
7:07 PM
Shreya
As I can see debit memo has been applied as of the early termination fee.
Payment cannot be updated in a cancelled subscription, you will have to contact paypal and ask them to authorize payment.
PayPal say you cannot reactivate an account from there side
it has to be done through Adobe or whoever else to reactivate it
Shreya
Mussa, that I said before that it cannot be restarted, I can help you purchase a new one and terminate this if you want.
Ok thanks for your help but i dont want to start a new plan as I don't want to and I can't afford to be paying for a service that I dont use
I will see what I can do with PayPal but to pay to leave this plan but that is all i can do
Shreya
Yes, you can ask them to authorize the payments.
Would they see a payment request?
Shreya
Yes they will.
could you not just continue me on the plan that I'm on then the payment option comes up?
I'm already on*
Shreya
No, the subscription is in cancelling stage and cannot be re started.
right ok thanks bye
Shreya
Happy to help. You'll receive an email with a survey link. Please take a moment to rate your experience and help us improve. Thanks!
7:27 PM
Conversation ended
